Aggregate information on deleting objects (#1218)
minio/docs: source/administration/bucket-replication/enable-server-side-two-way-bucket-replication.rst

   MinIO does *not* replicate delete operations resulting from the application of :ref:`lifecycle management expiration rules <minio-lifecycle-management-expiration>`. 
   Configure matching expiration rules on both the source and destination bucket to ensure consistent application of object expiration.

>    See :ref:`minio-replication-behavior-delete` and :ref:`minio-object-delete` for more complete documentation.

Reviewer: An idea, while we are in here
```suggestion
   See :ref:`minio-replication-behavior-delete` and :ref:`minio-object-delete` for more information.
```

Reviewer: We do seem to like the phrase `more complete documentation`, ok maybe leave it alone.

Author: 67 uses across 35 files. We can talk about updating it, but probably not in this PR.
